Fix typo in 'Uninstall Sample Data' section (#112)
magento/magento2-sample-data: README.md

The deleted sample data entities will be restored. Those entities, which were changed, will preserve these changes and will not be restored to the default view.

## Documentation

> You can find the more detailed description of sample data manipulation procedures at [http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-sample-data.html](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-sample-data.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the more detailed description of sample data manipulation procedures at [https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-sample-data.html](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-sample-data.html)
```
